hey and welcome to the new
beach figure studio I am kolja balcony
and now that we have a brand new camera
I had thought of equipment
OK
why not just one
real professional studio with
new sound with crystal clear resolution
turn the new videos
In today's video I want something about
Muscle building for men speak and
Although what exercises are actually
suitable for you at the beginning if you
beginners are able to build muscle
what are really the most important
Exercises are complete
different philosophies
some say you should first
Some say machines are focused on machines
you should rather be on free trade
focus
my approach and the opinion of me
after works much better is on
every case from the beginning with free
weights to work from the beginning
to work a basic exercises one
fundament and that is above all the
Exercises squat and cross
Bench presses are three of the reasons
I recommend the exercises at the beginning
really with very little weight and then
slowly working up the technique of
these two of these three exercises
I link the videos here to you
I've done something to everyone like you
that means that the technology is exactly perfect
learn and now why are they exactly
these three exercises now because these three
Exercises many muscles at once
activate
and the more muscles you have all at once
activates the bigger it gets
to say the muscle building son now
some recall determines yes you are yes
not so muscular and so broad at all
brewed ready used especially wide
for example, others are being built
internet and so and why should i from
Muscle tips now accept because
I always keep my tips because of
Many years of experience of many own
take studies
and if I'm getting it right now
I want to pump then on mass then I have
just like I would do that and
this book for example here of one
and only arnold schwarzenegger on page
97 writes he is very close to freeway
between samantha of gravity
So act freely, so to speak
machines is one and it is about the
gravity and he writes here on 297
So in principle everything in English
that's why you just have to briefly
German for a beginning
bodybuilders the majority of
Training always with free weights
should take place and who this this
has book can be happy that here on page
97 times read everything in this
video is said I am referring
completely on hanni and not on mine
so to speak, only on my own experience
and therefore definitely for
muscle building the three basic exercises
Cross lifting bench press and squats
and has to do with that as dating
the evolution out of our body
adapted directly against the
to work gravity so 10 20
a thousand years or more
then back somebody has that
was just on the search for food and
anyone out there either one
other people or just in the
Boar has said it with an arrow
and bow or with the spear like that
thrown off and then he had this
livestock what partly 50 60 kilo none
I know how hard it was, of course, first
hauling until the cave or week
after all that means he just had to
to load a huge weight on it
and then drag and therefore always
working directly against gravity
with real iron is always the best
what you can do because our body
just adapted to it and with
You will do that with these three basic exercises
lay foundation of everything else
Okay again as a conclusion to the
conclude for you as a new beginner
the area strength training and beach figure
It is important to reach it from the beginning
join the basic exercises if you
more tips like this one here
want to have an example and if you want
you liked this video then you can
just below the beach figure channel
I subscribe to almost daily videos
on the topic of muscle development for men fed
removal for women and for men and
nutrition with great great recipes
and that's why we see each other on the beach
your kollenberg
Bonn